as far as my career is concerned, i already have been holding 5 years of experience in CAD automation and I want to upgrade it by exploring the AI applications in CAD. As anticipated this year is going to be a demanding phase in my career and I want to make sure that I stick with the following goals:

Must Do:
* Spend at least 5 hrs per week on learning Linear Algebra(Khan Academy) and Computational geometry(YT lectures)
* Build cloud-based CAD automation tools using Python

Create opportunities to learn the following things:
> Cloud based CAD software such as Onshape or Autodesk Fusion 360
> Model Based Definition
> Integration of PLM with CAD
> New Product Development (NPD) process
> Basics of other CAD software automation such as NX, Inventor and CATIA
> Learn R (least priority)

 
Apart from career, here are the set of other things I would like to achieve/follow

in order to keep up the momentum that was already build, i will consistentaly spend at least 1.5 hours/day for my fitness and at least 5 days/week. I could be any form of fitness. the goal is to move daily. need to ensure that my core strength is good enough.

i want to improve my clean days streak to 90days(minimum)

build a reading habit. if i could not dedicatedly spend time for this, i will try to incorporate during travelling, when getting bored, during some calm evenings. rather than picking a wrong book, pick the right book and invest in it.

listen to at least two tech podcast a month.

interact with more people to increasse the radar.  build the confidence to ask people out if interested.

help people who struggles to meet the basic needs of life. small things like keeping change in hand whenever i go out. donating things to homes. buying food for children. take care of friends and family around me. dont think twice before spending for friends. 

buy a bike and make sure it sticks with the financial goals (update: bought my first bike: RE Classic 350 reborn edition)

build a solid financial foundation. build a simple investment strategy to invest certain percent every month. invest in stocks, gold and bonds.

buy a prime lens and practice more photography

plan and go for an international trip
buy a laptop

misc:
move to either Chennai or Bangalore and start living on own. 






What do i want out of my life?

according to me, the life of a person is defined by the work that stands even after his demise. 

to me personally, the life of a person is defined by the work he had done and the people who are benefitted from that. his work should speak for itself even after his demise.