goals for 27


solid foundation on the following things
	computational geometry
	linear algebra
		

keeping the consistency in fitness
finding the ways to meet the right person
invest more on the right instruments
take care of people around me


build a reading habit
practice more photography
consume content on astronomy, science and tech
follow the weekend insta strategy
spend for the loved ones and help people with either of your asset (time/money)

start living in a different city
medium length hairstyle
getting 8hrs good sleep

buy a prime lens


my takeaways from 2024
> dont think twice spending for friends
> life is good when we live on our own in a different city
> stick with the CAD domain and specialize in it
> i m so poor in communication when it comes to opp. gender, improvise it
> 




the year 2024 has been a great experience for me so far. I was able to pull off most of the things that was planned. and some things that i did not plan. i want to document my experience here so that i will stay grateful for this year and at the same i dont want to lose the momentum and use this for the next year. i m turning entering my 27 th year in this earth today. so i will take an oath that by next year, i would have crossed the told things. first let me thank 26. 

i have started the year considering this as an experiment year. here are the list of things i m proud of myself

> after working from home for almost 2.5 years i pushed myself to move to a different city and went to Mysuru, hassan, Chennai, and Bangalore. it had thought me a lot like cooking on my own, meet new people on weekends, attending social dance sesh, photographing strangers, etc.,

> i have always wanted to do photography with a dedicated camera. but i was hesistant to invest my hard earned money on smth that was just purely passion driven, thanks to TTL ipo last year, i have received a good profit which i invested to buy a dedicated camera for pursuing my passion. in retrospect, i m very much happy that i made that decision. my camera accompanied me wherever i go, i was able to socialize with like minded people

> after the breakup, i started going on dates with some people. although it didn't work out, it was a great experience for me. i understood what i m looking for myself. this is one part that i want to focus on this part in the upcoming year.

> since my childhood i hated curd, even the smell of it. finally i broke the barrier and intaking curd in the form of yogurt and lassi. now my probiotics requirements is fulfilled

> started the home construction process that was on a long due for years. i m proud of myself for doing this to my family. it was my mom's dream to live in her own home and in few months it will be no more a dream.

> witnessed my first rocket launch at sdsc. it was INSAT-3DS weather satellite launched with GSLV MKII on feb 17

> quitted by job at tata and started pushing out myself for a more demanding job. currently serving notice period and will update here by December.

> although it is not a big achievement i have made a habit of brushing twice daily, started eating curd.